{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Philosophers and ideas:\
\
Core loop: \
Start screen with the descriptions and character cards to pick (like in Mortal Combat). controls with keys and mouse. \
Philosophers fight against the chaos. They throw ball to chaos and chaos throws back. The text of the idea is placed on the play area. Philosophers can dodge the ball with increased velocity with the corners of the book, that will give them the chance to defeat chaos. Chaos can do the same and change direction randomly. When match is finished, expanded text of the idea shows up and player can return to the main page. It takes 5 hits to win except special cases for each philosopher. All philosophers have eye on the ball animation, win animation and lose animation as well as chaos character (I can\'92t imagine what it might be. A cloud?)\
\
\
Siddhartha Gautama: Happy is who has overcome his ego \
the ball is shrinking to nothing and then victory. No scores for philosopher .No animation on philosopher.\
\
I think therefore I am: Rene Descartes \
Philosopher is blinking randomly, the ball is disappearing with every blink.Blinking animation on philosopher.\
\
There are two worlds: our bodies and the external world: Immanuel Kant\
Two balls in play. \
\
Mind has no gender: Mary Wallstonecraft\
The ball has gender symbols on it, that disappear with every successful hit. \
\
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world. Arthur Shopengauer\
Limited field of view for the ball. \
\
There is nothing outside of the text: Jaques Derrida\
No picture of philosopher, just text, text \'93ball\'94 instead of the ball.\
\
Existence precedes essence : Jean Paul Sartre\
Two balls: one follows another. \
\
Don\'92t grieve. Anything you lose comes round in another form. Jalal ad-Din Muhammad Rumi\
Random ball shape and color every time after hit. Infinite game. Add go back button. \
\
The life which is unexamined is not worth living. Socrates\
Debug-like numbers for every object (position and names). showing the speed of the ball. \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}